last night children were killed as they
slept next to their parents on the floor
of a un of a classroom in a un
designated shelter children killed in
their sleep this is surely an affront to
all of us a source of universal shame
today the world stands disgraced we've
visited the site we've gathered evidence
we've analyzed fragments we've examined
craters and other damage our initial
assessment is that it was Israeli
artillery that hit this school in which
3,300 people had sought Refuge we
believe there were at least three
impacts it's too early to give a
confirmed official death toll but we
know that there were multiple civilian
deaths and injuries including women and
children and the unre guard our guard
who was trying to protect the site these
are people who were instructed to leave
their homes by the Israeli Army so we
condemn in the strongest possible terms
this serious violation of international
law by Israeli forces and to be clear
there was no
warning we gave the precise location of
the jabalia elementary girls school and
the fact that it was housing thousands
of internally displaced people this was
communicated to the Israeli Army 17
times 17 this of course to ensure its
protection the last of those calls was
at 10 minutes to 9 last night just hours
before this fatal shelling draw your own
conclusions we're waiting to get a
reaction from somebody representing the
Israeli government but I'm sure that
they would point out according to the UN
itself uh the UN revealed that a cash of
rockets was found at one of its schools
in Gaza and that is the third case of
its kind so Rockets were being used it
would appear uh deliberately in areas
that you're trying to protect well
several points first of all we have on
three separate occasions found rockets
in schools which were mothballed for the
summer and which were empty they were
discovered as a direct result of our
inspections we iMed imediately notified
all the relevant parties strongly
condemned the groups that did this as a
flagrant violation of our neutrality
Point number one point number two there
is absolutely no evidence that we can
find so far of militants launching
Rockets from that school that was hit
and thirdly I hope when you speak to the
Israeli Army representatives and spokes
people you're going to speak to ask them
when even if there had been some rockets
in that school was that a justification
for a direct hit I mean what you'd be
accusing them of and I'm certainly not
is of directly targeting a school where
there were 3,300 people but let me make
it clear we are not saying this was
direct shelling we have simply condemned
it we've identified um who was who had
done this we've said it's artillery it's
Israeli artillery but these are points
which you need to put to the Israeli
Army